Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
so you never have a double chin
like Jacinta's mother.
What a horrible woman. right?
Not like your mommy.
who keeps herself gorgeous.
Come on. So you won't have those
women's faces that look like bulldogs.
Make yourself like this.
taps. My precious birthday girl
who is going to have
an active face.
- Who?
- Me.
Who is going to have a birthday?
- I'm going to have a birthday.
- Who's going to have a birthday?
- Me. me. me.
- An unforgettable birthday party.
Puppy. let's review.
- Clarita confirmed?
- No.
She has not confirmed yet.
I really don't understand
how those moms
don't answer WhatsApp.
The bus is about to pass. my love.
- Mommy. Blanqui.
- Look. Mom. Sofi.
- Sofi.
- Where?
Oh. that's great.
Perfect.
Let's see...
Clarita.
Hello. good morning.
Hello. Piggy. how are you?
I need to know
are you going to my puppy's
birthday on Saturday?
- Obvious.
- Nothing is obvious.
You have to confirm on WhatsApp
and you have not done it.
- I thought since we were...
- No need to think.
You have to confirm.
Yes. I confirm. now.
Piggy. the thing is
that I specifically put RSVP.
- And what does that mean?
- Répondez s'il vous plait.
In other words.
answer. in French.
Not in French. you in Spanish.
but responds on WhatsApp.
I thought your keyboard
had been crushed
because I have a kitten. Sunbeam.
who loves to walk
on top of the computer.
and every time I go to send an email
- write letters: MNÑ
- Clarita.
It turns out that this is
a costume party.
but also on the invitation
I put it in another language.
Happy birthday. costume party.
I'm telling you because
I don't want you to ruin the party
by not mastering
the foreign language.
I understand English.
I understand a lot.
- Even once...
- Great. remember to reply on WhatsApp.
- See you at school.
- Bye.
- They left.
- And they didn't take us?
Poor thing. imagine later
she arrives without her disguise.
The bus should be passing by now.
Even the third division
doesn't love you. Luis.
No. look.
it's nothing personal. it's business.
I'm not your mom.
I'm your agent.
Well. I was your agent
because you are out of my schedule.
I can't keep working with you.
Mom. look. I leveled up.
- Very nice. let's see. Alonso.
- James. look.
- Good. Mr. Dante.
- How? Did you have a Maserati?
A Maserati for leasing?
What's that? And the Hummer?
Well. set up a food truck.
Didn't your mom make
some delicious sopaipillas?
That's where the business is. Lucho.
Shanti. shanti.
Moon!
Moon. Moon!
Always on the moon!
What's the matter?
Not much. Piggy.
Except that we're on the verge
of dysphonia for shouting at you
because it turns out you have not
confirmed attendance for my puppy's party.
Trini. yesterday I told you
that with my little Buddha
we are happy to be a part
of Sofi's new round in the sun.
Oh. how wonderful. Piggy.
But it turns out that the words are
blown away by the wind. sun or no sun.
So. always on WhatsApp.
And now hurry up. because you are going
to be late for school. come on. my puppy.
[school bell]
Little Buddha. don't fall
to the provocations of that girl.
Remember. a true warrior
faces his fears from love.
- I do not want to enter.
- Oh. my love.
Repeat what your mom told you.
First of all. always be
shanti. shanti. om.
- Better?
- No.
- Breathe with me.
- They come with joy. Lord. singing
come with joy. Lord.
those who walk through life. Lord.
using your peace and love.
Stop. my blessings.
Have a nice day.
Remember. God is always with you
and Our Lady is watching you.
[school bell]
Bye. mom.
- Good day. bye.
- Bye!
Good day. my blessings.
[school bell]
Miracles.
Good morning. Miracles.
- Good morning. father Anthony.
- You know?
This Sunday.
the choir is going to perform
the song you suggested to us.
Seriously?
Thank you very much for sharing it.
What is the name of the song?
It's called "It's like a miracle."
It's like a miracle
my whole life
It lighted up.
you. you are my lighthouse
[piano]
you bring me light.
you are my Lord.
- It's very sticky. very sticky.
- Very sticky. very sticky.
What is it called again?
It is like a miracle.
No. Miracles.
you are a miracle!
- See you Sunday.
- Have a nice day. father Anthony.
Miracles.
[fade out sound]
You're in a little trance or what.
- With Father Anthony?
- No. no. not at all.
We were talking about an issue
and. well. it doesn't matter.
how can I help you?
It turns out. Piggy. you haven't confirmed
your attendance at my puppy's birthday
and you. especially you.
as treasurer of the class.
you should set the example. right?
- Vice President.
- Treasurer.
- Is the same.
- No. it's not the same.
Well. it doesn't matter.
Anyway. yesterday I told you
we were going.
Well. but as the protocol says.
if it is not on WhatsApp
it does not exist. Exactly.
It does not exist.
so on WhatsApp.
- Ok. Piggy. on WhatsApp.
- Much better. add three more zeros.
Julia.
I am with Real Madrid
here on the phone.
- It's my puppy's birthday.
- I confirmed by email. honey.
On WhatsApp. always on WhatsApp.
WhatsApp is useless.
No i'm not talking to you
- how can you think.
- WhatsApp. Julia. WhatsApp.
You. never. Forget it.
No. no. no.
Hello. dear.
- Hello.
- Was it stolen?
- What?
- Your telephone.
No. it was not stolen.
It's that two days ago
I sent you the flyer
for this year's
Dodgeball Championship
and you didn't answer.
No. I didn't receive the message.
Well. as the undisputed
champion of the last five years
I want to invite the former
former former former
former champion to participate.
- Ok. I will answer when I get home.
- I have it here.
You can see it now.
No. this year
I am not going to participate.
18TH MOMS DODGEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
She comes and puts
that poster all over my face
like a model in decline.
horrible. did you see it?
[notifications]
And on top of that.
the operated Viking invited herself.
Oh. Lord.
It seems that the silicone
went to her head.
- If she ever had a head.
- Who has to operate?
Me. on the nerves ever since María Gracia
[ambulance]
invited herself
to my Puppy's celebration.
It is really difficult
the sorority with her.
with her and her little group of moms.
[vomiting]
Well. anyway. to all the moms
who confirmed her attendance.
I'm going to send them a spectacular
Tik Tok that we did with Sofi
with all the instructions
for the birthday.
Instructions for the party?
And what happened
to the free will of our children?
Free will. the bombastic synonym
for total and absolute chaos. Moon.
There it goes.
[notification]
[electronic music]
COSTUME PARTY
MOTHER/CHILDREN
NOT REPEAT COSTUME.
SEND YOUR OPTIONS
PRIZE FOR BEST COSTUME
DON'T FORGET TO BE ON TIME.
IF YOU ARE LATE. YOU DON'T GET IN!
Speaking of delay. there are
mothers who are very behind
with the mandatory solidarity aid
for the Old Age Foundation.
I'm going to send a spreadsheet
with all the moms who are late.
Executive Summary. Mili. please.
I'm on the board of directors coordinating
a pass with the United Arab Emirates.
Well. the only debtor is Clarita.
who owes 4 kilos
of basmati brown rice.
because all the mothers committed to
a unit of non-perishable
food per month.
and you are already 4 months behind.
Couldn't it be normal rice?
- It's cheaper.
- No. No way.
Because brown basmati rice
is good for digestion.
for the digestion of grandparents.
- Or do you want them to get sick?
- No!
What does it cost to donate
a little bit of good rice?
How miserable. Clarita.
Well. Father Hurtado himself.
may he rest in peace.
said that you have to give
until it hurts.
and maybe a kilo
of basmati rice hurts Clarita.
because it is an expensive product.
You say she has financial problems?
No. it is bad taste to talk about money.
[notification]
[party music]
Elf of the Enchanted Forest!
Bring more baby donuts!
They're over!
What?
The donuts. Pig!
The7y are over. bring them.
- Are you hunting aliens?
- No. why?
How?
Aren't you the Men in Black?
- We are from the IRS.
- It's obvious. it shows.
What's the matter?
How can you come to
a children's party so naked?
But Miracles.
we are Adam and Eve.
- That's how that woman ended.
- Come on.
Here they are.
What a handsome man
with his little ears.
The cake. the cake.
Pig. bring the cake.
Let's sing. Sofi. my love.
let's sing happy birthday.
- No!
- Why. my love?
But mom. Blanqui hasn't arrived.
Well. my precious puppy.
I can no longer delay the schedule
because your friend is late.
But mom. she's my best friend.
I want her to be here when we sing.
Go back. Pig.
go back with the cake.
Oh. my love.
[doorbell]
- Blanqui.
- I hope so.
Let's go.
Blanqui!
- Maria Gracia.
- Hello. Chubby. surprise.
- You arrived late.
- Oh. yeah.
Sorry. we never
received the invitation.
So we had to improvise.
Luckily you uploaded stories.
Piggy. do you know what happens?
In the invitation it was very clear
that the costumes
could not be repeated.
- Repeated? Who has repeated disguise?
- You. dear.
We are the fairies
of the Enchanted Forest.
No. we are fairy princesses
That is why we have crowns.
- Can't you see them?
- You'll understand that commoner fairies
are not the same as fairy princesses.
Well. it also said in the invitation
that if you were late
you couldn't enter and you're late.
so even law is not hard. bye. sorry.
- Trini!
- Now what! Clarita!
How scary. what horror.
What is this?
What are you disguised as.
for God's sake?
It.
He is Blanquita's favorite clown.
She really enjoys that movie.
She sees her every night
before going to sleep.
I'm sorry for the delay. we were
waiting a long time for the bus.
When it finally came I realized
- that I had noo money.
- You got your wallet.
- No. the bank had no money.
- Hey. Clara. let me congratulate you.
The garbage man costume
is splendid.
- Precious. my love.
- No. I'm Iron Man.
- Well. Iron Girl.
- For what I know
Iron Girl is metal.
not cardboard.
It's the best costume
in the world.
That is my girl.
Well. shall we pass then?
Because Clarita was also late.
- Or are you going to leave us all out?
- If we're interrupting. we leave.
No.
You can pass. All of you.
Honey. my love. welcome.
Welcome.
Open it. open it!
Open it!
[exclamations]
- How delicate.
- How's it going.
Thanks.
Very delicate.
Yes. great.
- Other?
- Happy Birthday friend.
Open it. open it!
That.
Let's see?
[exclamations]
It is the best gift.
The cutest of all.
Thanks.
[exclamations]
[scream of pain]
You are not going to do anything?
No. my Inti knows
he has to follow the Zen path
and not fall
for the provocations of that girl.
That girl needs
a good pair of leashes.
They hit me with leashes
and I am fine.
I am in a meeting.
Elf!
Forest Elf. Elf. Pig.
Moon?
Do you know if Clarita
is in financial trouble?
Me? Why should I know.
- Because you are close to her. right?
- Close to Clarita?
- No.
- Who is Clarita?
- And you. Trini?
- Me what?
Are you not close with her?
Blanqui and Sofi are inseparable.
Wait. we know each other.
but we are not close.
I think we need to talk to her.
No. no. under no circumstances.
Talking about money is bad taste.
Oh. Miracles.
- No. no.
- Here she comes.
- No. we already talked about that.
- Clarita.
- Hi.
- How to forget you?
Hey. what are they talking about?
We just happened to be wondering
if you were having any problems.
No. it's all beautiful.
Trini. and very tasty too.
No. Clarita.
We want to know if Blanquita and you
are with some difficulty.
Yes. the truth is yes.
Blanquita has been lowering her grades.
- but she promised me...
- No. no. no.
we are not referring
to that type of problem.
but rather to a personal cost problem.
One that makes you ashamed to tell it.
If I need tampons?
No. they want to know if you
have flow problems.
No. if I am a super regular flow.
Ay Clarita. they are asking you
if you have money problems.
Yes. but since we are now going
to leave from school with Blanquita
it will fix the whole problem.
so don't worry.
What? You are going to leave
the Saint Michael School?
- Yes.
- But Clarita. by God.
How could you not tell us
that you are in financial trouble?
But I did tell you
in the class chat.
[notifications]
Hey. is it true that school fees
are going up again?
It's that since I'm out of work.
I don't know how I'm going to pay.
As I have been without work
for more than a year
could it take me a little while
to pay the ride fee?
Couldn't it be normal rice?
It's cheaper.
- Yes.
- What happened to all your ventures?
The most important was
the happy chicken eggs.
Remember? But Miracles did not
let me sell more in the chat.
- What? How?
- The rules specifically say
nothing can be sold in the group.
and the rules are set by Trinidad.
Well. all my eggs got rotten.
Later. since we had to move
to a smaller apartment.
the chickens became depressed.
because I imagine that
all in the same cage
it must not be a very happy thing.
So. afterwards I tried to sell them.
But since it cannot be sold in the chat.
we ate them with Blanquita.
It was a bit unpleasant for us.
we were sick for about two weeks.
but now we are fine.
- And your ex-husband?
- No. thank God he did not eat.
- so he's fine.
- Does he pay the alimony?
Oh. please. let's stop talking
about this and leave her alone.
Does he pay or not?
Yes.
I mean. sometimes. it depends.
Hey. Trini. the cake
is exquisite. delicious.
- I didn't make it. I bought it.
- Really?
Hey. I make cakes too.
so you remember
- for the next birthday.
- But how did you not warn before?
But if I warned by the chat. Sorry.
The most wonderful party in the
history of Saint Michael School.
We made it. didn't we. my love?
Dear diary.
what a good time we had.
Blah. blah. blah.
- What is it. my love?
- I'm sad.
Why do you feel sad? My Puppy.
everything turned out incredible.
Because Blanqui is leaving school.
That's not gonna happen.
- Can you promise me?
- Yes.
I promise you.
Don't think that I have anything personal
against Clarita. because I'm not.
I have absolutely nothing
personal against her. but. God.
what a lack of grit.
punch. character.
at the first hurdle
she throws in the towel
and takes her puppy out
of Saint Michael School.
selfish too. because
she doesn't think about our puppy.
Sofi can be left with
a terrible trauma from all this.
Aha.
I can't say I blame her
for not being like me.
a warrior who doesn't give up.
You know what?
Sofi is going to realize that she has a
mother who always keeps her promises.
that's right. I keep them.
I am a mother who is a winner.
and the winners
are capable of changing destiny.
I thank you so much. Pig.
you always listen to me so concentrated.
God. how loving.
And God. what a handsome man.
The first thing that comes
to mind to help her...
- A raffle.
- How did you know?
Because in this country they solve
everything with raffles.
No. Miracles. under
no circumstances. no way.
What we have to do
is find her a good job
so she stops selling things online.
Why don't she work at Uber?
It is a serious company.
which is publicly traded.
Clarita is ecological like me.
She doesn't have a car.
Well. I'll lend her one.
- I love the idea.
- Sugarfree.
Perfect. we can create a solidarity
fund and help her pay for the gasoline.
I could do an aura cleanse
to attract abundance.
Wow. excellent contribution. Moon.
bravo. you move me.
- As vice president
- Treasurer.
- Is the same.
- Is not the same.
Well. I think we should vote
on the raffle and not rule it out.
[notifications]
Mission $
- Oh. how exciting.
- Can I see?
No. no. not yet.
We are almost there. Just a little bit.
I put you in position.
Are you ready?
One. two. three. surprise!
What a surprise!
How nice to meet you.
No. no. I'm not your surprise.
let me go!
The surprise is the car. it is for you.
No. it is a loan.
but without interest.
- What?
- For you to work at Uber.
Because we know that you
have serious financial problems
and so we thought this might help you.
Thanks.
- But the thing is I...
- She wants to try it. I know.
Yes. you can't take it anymore. you
want to drive. In and start the engines.
- Come on. now. ready. we're going.
- Make it short...
because I have a lot to do.
I am very busy.
- Come in. come in.
- Woman. hey.
Ready. let's go.
[mimics acceleration]
It looks like a spaceship.
- Nice. no? Put your seatbelts on.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
There is the key.
- But it's missing a piece.
- Oh. Piggy.
How sweet. no.
These are the modern keys.
This is how it turns on.
We are going on a trip.
[strong music]
- Can you drive. Clarita?
- No.
And you?
- We teach you. then.
- No.
My ex used to say that
I was too dumb to learn.
No man can tell you
that you are stupid.
It is the typical patriarchy strategy
for you to doubt your abilities.
You are not stupid.
you are poor. not stupid.
But he said it to me with affection.
No man calls you stupid with
affection. you stupid.
Oh. Julia. really. what a drag.
- Not all men are bad.
- Piggy. I didn't say that.
For example. my Chancho. besides being
handsome. is the least patriarchal man.
I ask him to help me with the puppies and
he does it happily. without complaining.
That is the problem.
He doesn't help. He is the father.
You are not understanding. Piggy.
Oh. for example once.
do you know what he did?
He changed a diaper that had poo.
And he didn't say anything.
There you have. I win.
That is normal.
Not for everyone.
My ex had a terrible allergy
to diaper plastic.
- If I passed him a diaper. he said "ah"
- How could you believe him?
Get off. bitch!
Get off the car. damn! Get off. you shit!
- Now. quick. get out of the car!
- Quiet.
Open the door. get down!
Get off quickly. asshole!
That's what I'm doing.
I have a seatbelt problem.
- I'm working on it. take it easy.
- Get down!
- You calm. you calm !?
- Get down. bitch. quickly!
- Get out of the car!
- Julia. Julia! How do you get this out?
Julia. Julia!
We are not understanding each other.
Listen to me. listen to me.
My car was stolen outside my house.
Okay? It's ridiculous.
Yes. but I've been waiting for 20 minutes
and still no one shows up here.
What an absurd world. right?
Never. ever in my life had
a gun been pointed at me.
I felt the same as you
the first time it happened to me.
I was ten years old
and they hit me with a gun in the head
because I couldn't stop talking.
But you get used to everything. Trini.
after the second time it's easier.
Wait. sorry.
Is it the second time that happens to you?
- No. the fifth.
- Finally!
[doorbell]
- Why did you open me up?
- What?
I could point a gun at your head
and kidnap you if I want.
No. please no. how awful.
Hernán Echeverria.
your neighbor and president of PNA.
- PNA?
- Patriot Neighborhood Action.
[drumroll]
- Julia Cox. nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you. you are beautiful.
Well. we received a report of screaming
and a possible kidnapping in the area.
No. it was a robbery.
but we're fine. thank you.
Watch out. Delta team.
situation under control.
I am in charge of a team.
I am trained.
Julia. I am very concerned that
you are not in Neighbor Super Safe.
- What's that?
- The app that we neighbors have
to attack crime.
to keep it very close to us.
[drumroll]
I used it to sell alfajores there
until they blocked me.
Well. it is important that you join
- because we need more PLO.
- PLU. What's that?
People Like Us.
Like you. like me.
Let's check your cameras.
I am very interested to know
if it is not the same band of foreigners
that scares this neighborhood.
No. they were Chilean.
Chileans?
They perfectly imitate
the national accent.
Bájate. sapa culiá.
bájate del auto. culiao.
Do the subjects in the back
have identification?
- They are my friends.
- Chilean?
- I was born in Mulchén.
- Me in Vitacura.
Well. I am calmer.
Ok. let's see your images.
please. from your cameras.
What?
I don't have.
Your negligence is impressive.
You let crime roam
your house freely.
in a neighborhood
that is also so dangerous.
But if this is a quiet neighborhood.
come on.
Easy. Julia.
Don't you realize that Chile
woke up? The turnstiles were dropped.
but what happened?
Crime entered.
The immigrants. the white slave trade.
[radio calling]
Suspicious man at children's games.
I repeat. suspicious man
in children's games.
Copy. I'm heading to the place.
Change and out. protocol start.
Julia. please install cameras
and connect to the app.
I will do it immediately.
I'll install the cameras for you.
I've done it before.
Clarita. it doesn't matter. forget it.
Not. really.
Besides. I feel so responsible
for what happened.
Leave it to me.
I told you it was much better
to have a raffle.
- No. Miracles. no.
- And a bingo?
No. what we really need
is to go to Saint Michael School
and talk to Regina.
because she is the Principal.
the only one who really knows
- the size of Clarita's problem.
- No. it's bad taste to talk about money.
Extreme times
require extreme measures.
- I need you. Vice President.
- Treasurer.
When it suits you.
Well. it is not my place
to give details of the amount
because it is a private matter.
right?
But since you are so willing to help Clara
I must tell you that she owes
more than one year and six
months of monthly payments.
- What?
- Yes.
As you heard it.
One year and 6 months.
What's more. I'm going to give you
the exact amount.
[school bell]
Plus interests.
Okay.
Now. considering the number of years that
Clarita has been in our school community
Couldn't. I don't know.
have some kind of grant?
Or a discount
on the total of the figures.
Of course.
Let's see...
Trinidad.
Miracles.
I truly applaud your kindness.
but I will be very clear with you.
This is a catholic school.
it is not a foundation.
Look. Clarita.
it's working surprisingly well.
I just need to hide
some cables like this one.
that one. that one.
that one over there.
that one and the one above.
- and we are ready.
- Right.
- How much do I owe you?
- I can't charge you.
Imagine. moreover. because of me
they stole your car.
How do you think you
are going to work for free?
- You're not going to make money that way.
- With the time we have spent together
I consider myself paid.
I prefer to be rich in experiences.
With the experiences
the rent is not paid.
You're too good. Clarita.
[alarm]
- But...
- Oh. it's working amazing!
And the speakers work great.
But how do we turn this thing off?
Good question.
I do not know.
- Give me a minute.
- Right.
Let's see. how to turn off.
How? How?
How to turn off?
[alarm keeps ringing]
I feel such a great pity for Clarita.
because. she is so alone. living all this
in total and absolute solitude.
She has no one like you to talk to.
to support her.
And you know what? She doesn't want to
tell us how much the ex owes her.
I think she is dying of shame.
I don't know.
she doesn't realize the damage
this troglodyte has done to her.
It's like she's blind.
Of course. Pig. blind.
Blind. that's the point.
It is as if she were blind and
we have to remove the bandage.
we have to take it off.
we have to make an intervention
and really know what
situation she is in with her ex.
My God you're lucid. really.
[boiling kettle]
When my ex left
he took all the dishes
because he said that I would
never receive anyone.
And look at me now.
What about your ex?
How long has he not paid the alimony?
[coughs]
Sorry. sorry. talking about money
affects me a lot.
We are eight hours apart from Dubai.
mamas. please.
I have two sheiks at the bar
waiting for me
to close a player's pass.
Let's cut to the chase.
One month ago.
It's been a month
since it's been six months
since I don't know anything about him.
and there he already owed me a year.
- Then it would be...
- 18.
Does he owe you 18 months?
Well. months. months
and months. yes. 18.
Clarita. I will put you
in touch with my lawyers.
Two threats and he will
never forget to pay again.
No. no. no.
I don't want to bring lawyers here.
No. I don't want to damage
Andrés's relationship with Blanquita.
[exclamations]
Do the two of them see each other a lot?
- No.
- Well. and when was the last time?
One month ago.
A month ago it was 10 months
since he started dating a girl.
so he has not been able to see her
because he has to be with her girlfriend.
And who am I. tell me.
to get into a relationship?
And before that
he had been working a lot.
a lot. a lot. a lot. a lot. a lot.
And on the weekends he had to travel.
So they haven't seen
each other for two years.
Two years?
Clarita. you have to assert yourself.
Demand what is rightfully yours.
No. I don't want to abuse him.
But he is the abuser.
Is just he has done so badly.
so bad at his job
that he had to file for bankruptcy.
So. he has nothing. no. no.
And you. Clarita. have you never saved?
- Yes. yes. yes.
- Yes.
And what happened to the money?
[coughs]
I gave it to him.
but he invested it in a good deal.
Well. but well. well. well.
- And what happened to that business?
- Broke.
- I told you.
- When?
One month ago. A month ago it was
six months since he went bankrupt.
But hey. sometimes you win.
sometimes you lose.
But how are you so calm?
I would have had him killed.
How funny. Julia. no. when I get stressed.
do you know what I do?
I have some fantastic pills
that make me happy.
Do you want? Why have a bad time.
I say. if these pills exist.
Also. you know what?
I really. really. really.
believe that everything
is always for the better.
[oven bell]
The cake.
Make an spreadsheet. please.
Moms. this is war.
[notifications]
Mission Bad Dad
- Hey. Sara.
- Tell me. Julia.
- Share screen.
- Sharing screen.
How fantastic. Julia. it's the most
futuristic thing I've ever seen.
- I feel in the Matrix.
- As you can see on his Instagram
he poses as a great father
who adores her daughter.
76 percent of his posts
have to do with it.
There are photos of trips abroad.
two in Milan. eight in Santorini.
three in the Canaries.
We triangulated the metadata of his photos
with the geolocation of Facebook.
and we discovered
that the photos were taken in Chile.
between Algarrobo and El Quisco.
very sad.
Well. he did the same
with his girlfriend.
this Russian model who would
never notice him. Never.
He is so miserable
he is not even able to
spend a dime of Clarita
on a good Photoshop.
His LinkedIn shows us that
he is in charge of an investment group.
but none of the companies
he mentions exist.
What's more. we have not found
any bank account.
no property in his name.
That is. we are basically
dealing with a poor bastard.
Wait. wait. wait.
- Wait. Go back to the photos.
- Okay?
The photo above right.
Pin it.
In the Church of Santísimo Socorro.
it is in Ñuñoa.
You know the names
of all the churches. Mili?
I went through them all
when his holiness came.
Pope Francis.
and we had to follow
- His tour. it was so nice.
- One minute.
in this area there is no property
in the name of the wretch. but
but one in the name of his mother.
Very well. Mili. may it be of some use
to you to be conservative. at last.
- Nothing escapes the eyes of the Lord.
- It is done.
We have to pay him a surprise visit.
Moon. that's close to your house. Moon.
- Oh. the Internet got stuck.
- No. she's the one who stays stuck.
Wake up. you junkie!
Do you want?
True. I can't pass it through the screen.
[mistery music]
Here he comes.
Do not stop recording.
in the worst case we upload these
images to social networks.
we hired a couple of bots.
and in less than two hours
- It's trending topic. and dead man.
- Okay.
- Andrés.
- Who asks?
We are friends of Clarita. and we
are the nightmare of alimony debtors.
No. do you know what?
Clara has no friends anywhere.
You owe him more than two years
of alimony. we will take you to court.
Or are you going to put on your pants once
and for all and pay everything. debtor?
I am not going to have
this type of personal conversation
in the middle of the street
with two women that I do not know.
These feminazis have
the best lawyers in this country.
- They're going to take everything.
- Everything?
- Everything.
What is everything?
I have nothing.
this house is not mine.
I do not have property. it is my mother's
house and she lives with a great aunt.
I take care of them.
I barely survive. really.
I am a freelancer
who works every day.
freelancer!
And listen. I feel humiliated
that you come to make an accusation
in my neighborhood. where
I have grown up since I was a child.
Do you want to screw up my life?
Uh?
Not all men are bad.
In this case it is her.
she is the victimizer.
she has taken my daughter from me.
I can't see her for two years.
What a big liar.
you can see her whenever you want.
- Record.
- She's the bad one.
Lie. lie.
you even took her savings.
No. sorry. that is not true.
Clara signed a document
that released me
from all legal responsibilities
regarding that money.
I took that money. which was not much.
I invested it in stocks.
and unfortunately those stocks
went down one hundred percent.
No stock goes down
a hundred percent. you idiot.
- And that car?
- That car belongs to a friend.
- I wash it for him.
- And the rolex?
It is Chinese. it is worth nothing.
if you want you can take it.
- Okay. give me. Give me.
- No. no. you know what else?
If you want to record.
let's record. let's record.
Take a good look at me.
this is not going to stay this way.
This is war.
- And I never lose.
- I don't lose either. I have you.
I have the perfect record of your faces.
One is blonde and the other is dressed
in black. I have the license plate.
You are in big trouble.
Run.
Run. you cowards.
You will see. you will see. Ah!
- Ah ah ah ah ah!
- What's going on there?
- He threw himself.
- You ran him over!
- He threw himself. he did it!
- Liar!
- They are killing me!
- He had a tremendous watch.
He had a great house. a great car.
No. the car was small.
but it was still very good
and he said that nothing was his.
What if he's telling the truth
and doesn't have money to pay?
No. I know his race.
They are capable of doing anything
to hide what they have.
We have to find out where
the hell is Clarita's money.
Moon.
Moon. are you with us?
Or are you in Jamaica?
I am working for the cause.
You talk about Big Data.
but you forget the most
important social network
- according to me: Tinder.
- Kinder?
[notification]
How do you expect me
to like you in between
- of so many cute girl. huh?
- Tinder does not give likes.
You make a match.
and he already did it.
[notification]
It's time to start
the Mata Hari mission.
Kill Hari?
Wait. Moon.
no one here is going to kill anyone.
And you. who are so Zen.
should not be thinking
about such violent ideas.
Moon. I still don't understand
what you want to do.
I'm going to be a spy and I'm going
to get all the information out of him.
There is no race more vulnerable
than a horny man.
I'm going to draw him to me
and make him confess.
In fact. we already set a date.
And how do you intend to generate
a confession without him noticing?
That is the easy part.
[notifications]
MISSION MATA HARI
Wouldn't it be better
if I wear my clothes?
- You're a senior executive.
- Gorgeous.
- You're like the negative Julia.
- How racist your comment. Trini.
Piggy. I mean you look
much better than in those clothes
- from Beach craft fair.
- Worse.
Okay. let's go over the plan.
I want you to click
on the link I sent you.
so that we can see
the cameras in real time. ok?
I'm going to be here in the car
monitoring everything.
so you know. anything. Moon.
any problem you have
is your problem.
- What?
- No.
No. you scream
and I'll be there in two minutes.
[doorbell]
- Bye. good luck.
- Bye. bye.
- Hello there.
- Hi. how are you?
- How are you?
- Welcome.
Wow. what a nice house.
Thanks.
You want a drink?
Yes. please.
I've had a bad time.
I see very little my girl. Blanquita.
But hey. we didn't come here
to talk about me.
Let's talk a little about you.
What do you think of me?
- It is a joke?
- Yes. a joke.
You know what?
Things happen to me with you.
I feel that you are different.
I see you on social networks.
and on the one hand
I see a whole energetic thing.
and on the other hand.
knowing you. I see your house
and you also look super earthy.
You are a very interesting mix.
Thanks.
[notification]
Hey. try not to miss me
- but I need to go to the bathroom.
- Bathroom?
- Yes.
- Bathroom.
- Do you have a bathroom?
Yes. yes.
There are so many.
yes.
[notification]
there are many bathrooms.
It's up. Above.
The last door on the right.
Thank you.
Over there. over there.
Over there.
Down the hall on the right.
Yes. that's the one for men.
Well.
I'm doing awful.
[notification]
- No. it's great.
- You look gorgeous.
- You act very well.
- It is incredible.
Oh. how dirty.
- Big bathroom.
- Yes.
Well it's still not very clear to me.
what's your job?
Investments. money tables.
stocks. the stock market. the game.
You're a millionaire?
How sexy.
And where do you have the money?
[cell phone ringing]
Where do you have it invested here?
In precious metals or outside?
- Put me on Ramirez. now.
- In tax havens?
- He can't speak? Put him on.
- Men excite me so much
when they are financially sound.
Well. the other too.
Ramírez. I know.
I know that it is terrible
to lose a loved one. yes.
but life is like that.
We are nothing.
And that to me... I don't know.
Things happen to me.
What things happen to you?
- Stuff.
- What stuffs?
Oh. my stomach hurt.
My God. Moon. come on.
Where do you have the money?
Panama?
The Greek Islands? Gibraltar?
No. you are not understanding me.
We have an agreement
and if you break it. the fine
will leave us both lying in the street.
Not just the two of us.
your family too.
It's around. around.
Hey. what are your wishes?
- He is falling!
- You first.
- No. you first.
- No. tell me how much do you earn?
How much is in your checking account?
[alarm ringing]
What is that?
- What happen?
- Julia.
- Why is the alarm going off?
- I dont know!
- Quiet.
- Julia. we are in an emergency.
- Stop crying.
- You are not alone!
Hello. Julia.
Julia. the alarm.
To start from scratch again?
- That's what you want?
- Mom.
- Please watch.
- Please. a second.
Stop crying. calm down.
It is a dog. Ramirez.
- Julia. pick up the phone. please.
- How do you turn this off?
- Wait.
- How do I turn it off?
There must be a panel with numbers.
Julia! The panel. there has to be a panel.
[rock music]
- Look for a panel with letters
- Get up your ass.
- put on your jacket and to the field.
- Mom.
- sorry my love.
- There is nothing with buttons.
How do you turn this off?
- Why didn't you warn me?
- I did warn you.
- Put your seatbelt on fast. fast.
- Safe neighborhood operational. I repeat.
safe neighborhood running!
We have them surrounded.
Don't move. we have you surrounded.
What? What are you talking about?
Party's over. criminal!
- Oh no. that stupid. for God's sake.
- I'm not a criminal.
- Call the police!
- I have a problem with the alarm!
- But this is my house!
- Your house?
Do you think I'm going to fall?
I know the owner.
Besides. there are no immigrants
here in the neighborhood.
- Julia!
- I am not an immigrant!
- I am Chilean!
- She's not a foreigner. she's a brunette!
There is no Chilean with that color.
at least here in the condo.
Julia! Are you okay?
- Julia. I came to defend you!
- Lock yourself in a bathroom!
- I caught a criminal!
- Who is this guy?
- These bastards!
- He's crazy!
- I'm ready!
- Julia.
Julia!
- Who is this guy?
- Julia. I'm here to protect you!
- Who do you think you are?
- Shut up. you shit. back!
Watch out. SECOM. I got him.
- I need help!
- I have him.
Please! Help!
I knew this was not going to work.
Just like Mata Hari.
[alarm sound]
- But what are they doing?
- Sara. deactivate the alarm!
- Deactivating alarm.
- What's going on? Leave her. man.
- Get out of here. go!
- Quiet.
- Leave her!
- Don't thank me. really.
- Absolutely nothing was stolen.
- She's not a thief. she's my friend!
I'm your superhero. champion.
right? He could have kill you.
gagged you.
tied you up. scared you.
Stop talking nonsense.
He is a boy.
Hey. what are you doing here. too?
I told you not to forget about me.
We already know you have money.
- We are going to sue you.
- What money will I have?
I was using it as a tactic
to seduce this woman.
Because I know that all women
are only interested in money.
- I'm leaving here.
- Get out of my house!
- I'm going back to the nest.
- Out.
Now. calm down.
I'm going to get you out.
Out!
Yes. pull hard.
But if he said that he had money.
No. legally it does not work.
There is nothing specific.
It's no use.
My God. it's Clarita.
did the ex say something to her?
Oh. Lord.
- Our Father who art in heaven.
- Hello everyone.
- Hello.
How are you?
I have very good news.
Really?
I got the four kilos
of brown basmati rice.
Ay. Clarita. Really.
it is not necessary.
What is happening there behind you?
They are seizing me.
- React. woman. that's serious.
- No. actually it suits me.
The thing is. some time ago
Andrés imported bracelets
to heal rheumatism and it didn't do well.
so he had to declare bankruptcy.
And since I am the majority member.
they came from the bank to seize me.
What a disgusting pig!
And did you know about this bankruptcy?
No. I just found out.
but that's okay. so I'm going to save
a ton of money by moving south.
Also the furniture was all old.
They're really doing me a favor.
Do you see that
everything happens for something?
What move?
Oh. they offered me work
and lodging in the South.
- In what part of the South?
- In the South.
The furthest south there is.
to the Chilean Antarctic.
Look. it's beautiful.
[blizzard]
Hi! Ha. ha. ha.
My godmother works in a research there.
so they just needed
a person for repairs.
- How incredible. isn't it?
- My God. Clarita.
How do you think of dragging
your puppy to that wasteland?
Oh. Trini. now with all the global warming
it's just like 8 degrees below zero.
Besides. you get used to everything.
Clarita. what are the names
of the pills you take?
[sad music]
Did you do your homework?
Where are we?
We are here.
in Santiago de Chile.
And Antarctica?
Antarctica is...
it's not on this map.
but it's a bit far.
My love. mom is going to fix this.
Okay? Trust me.
I can't think of ideas anymore.
and Clarita is so optimistic.
I think those antidepressants she takes
are for horses.
Pig. I don't know
if you are able to assess it.
Her ex-husband is by far
the worst thing in life.
and now she came up with that stupid
thing about going to Antarctica.
Explain to me.
what is she going to do there?
Everything is so cold. and so white.
How awful.
And it doesn't matter to her.
Are you listening?
You have always had a very special talent
for making yourself heard. my love.
Whether I want it or not.
Yes of course.
Pig. my love.
you are absolutely right.
I have a talent that I have not
been able to take advantage of.
Of course.
I went to talk to Regina.
but I put myself there
as a school parent.
listening to the headmistress.
and and I didn't make myself heard.
I was wrong. I was wrong.
I was wrong about everything. because
I'm trying to solve this as a group.
But not all of them
have leader skills.
I really am a steppe wolf.
a lone wolf.
And as the leader of the pack
what I have to do
is be the voice
of those who are not heard.
Of course. Pig.
I'm going back to Regina.
You're right.
I'm going to get my voice out
until she hears me.
You are so bright. really.
you are at the level of genius.
Besides. my God. you're good looking.
[intense music]
There's no possibility.
we are canceling
the Dodgeball Championship.
So. now it is my responsibility
that no mother
has the ovaries to participate?
Also. the lack of support
from this school is obvious.
Maybe if the requirements
hadn't been so difficult.
Being Chilean. age limit 45 years.
- Divorced mothers are not allowed.
- You don't understand.
This is not a mother's day activity
for the moms to get distracted.
This is an elite competition.
Good morning. Stephanie.
- Do you have an appointment?
- Yes. with destiny.
Ok. María Gracia.
get yourself one more team
and we will have the shortest
championship in the history of dodgeball.
I know. I know.
I am going to give an award.
[school bell]
of pesos to the team that wins
the Dodgeball Championship.
People are so materialistic
that I bet they are going
to line up to participate.
Of course.
And we donate that money
to an institution.
How are we going to
donate it to an institution?
The idea is people to participate.
Can I help you with something. Trinidad?
- I've come to register my team.
- Hallelujah!
Welcome. Chubby.
[notifications]
I have gathered you here to tell you
that I have failed as a leader.
as president of the parents
of Fourth Grade I have failed.
and also as captain of the Saint
Michael School dodgeball team.
Yes. I have failed in this noble mission
we have to help our poor Clarita.
- What mission?
- Don't interrupt me. Clarita.
I have basically failed
because I have not known how to see.
I have not known how to take
advantage of your gifts. your talents.
and I have led you straight to failure.
To you. Moon. with that
lame Mata Hari mission.
To you. Julia.
with that face to face with Andrés.
We both did that face to face.
- My Andrés?
- Don't interrupt me. Clarita.
- And you. Miracles. with that raffle.
- But we didn't do it.
For this reason.
all the doors have been closed.
But when a door is closed.
a window opens.
And now a tremendous window has opened.
because. as you well know.
María Gracia is organizing the Saint
Michael School Dodgeball Championship.
Right? Well. it turns out this year
it comes with a prize.
A cash prize of...
[whistle]
With that money
we can pay Clarita's debt.
Then Blanqui can continue studying
at school with our puppies.
What do you think?
Good. right?
Today. moms. we have
a great opportunity.
today. here.
we have the opportunity to play.
to give everything.
because as our enemies say:
They can take our lives
but they can never take our freedom.
That's from Braveheart.
- Not at all. I came up with it.
- No possibility.
I swore to the Virgin that never again
in my life would I play dodgeball.
- You don't need to do anything.
- Don't interrupt. Clarita.
Look. we have already been champions.
and with my leadership...
No. you are not a leader.
I know because I experienced it firsthand.
Rather. my face experienced it firsthand.
- What are you talking about?
- Don't interrupt me. Clarita.
Five years ago in this place
a tragedy happened.
Come on. team. attentive. attentive!
[dramatic music]
What?
Trinidad used me as a human shield.
And I had to wear a neck brace
for a year.
apart from having to operate my nose
because my septum opened.
What a liar. you never have
a deviated septum.
come on. you liar.
you had a big nose. that's why.
You didn't like your nose.
and you took the opportunity.
No. lie.
I couldn't breathe and I was snoring.
- The doctor told me about the septum.
- It was a decision of war.
- I was the captain.
- Do not fight.
I'm fine and Blanquita too.
The best thing is that we go
to the Chilean Antarctic.
Nobody is going to go to
the Chilean Antarctic. You and your Puppy
are going to stay here because
we are going to play for that to happen.
Right?
- Julia?
- I'm in.
- Moon?
- Namaste.
Miracles.
Oh. no!
- What would Jesus do in your place?
- No. no.
What would Jesus do?
React!
I can't hear you.
- Turn the other cheek.
- Louder!
Turn the other cheek!
So?
- Just for this time.
- The Power Ladies are back!
Yes sir. yes sir.
Power Ladies are love!
Loyalty. loyalty. Power Ladies are true!
Always ready. always ready!
Power Ladies are ready!
- I'm going now.
- Let's go!
So it's how many players per side?
Clarita? How many?
There are five players.
Exactly. Which one is eliminated?
Anyone who gets a ball is eliminated.
If the ball burns her.
that player is eliminated.
She goes. bye. out of the game.
who is also eliminated?
The person who decides to leave
the court during the game is eliminated.
So. if all of these are eliminated.
it means that your team disappeared.
it was eliminated.
and then the opposing team wins.
Is it clear to you?
- But I know other rules.
- What rules?
Listen. a person comes to the field.
- Right?
- She's there and throws a ball
- up in the air and calls a country.
- No.
- Then she comes...
- No. Clarita. it's not child's play.
That is not dodgeball. We are governed
by the official dodgeball rules.
we are governed by the Saint
Michael School regulations.
The 2017 revision.
Okay? Is that clear?
I am going to explain
to you with this upgrade
that my IT people did.
it is far more practical.
Miracles!
Moon with the head in the moon!
It was a pass. Miracles!
Oh. I have post-traumatic stress.
Positions. come on!
Again. attitude. attitude. come on!
No. he is not trained.
-Johnny. fire them.
-No. no. no. me. that.
The opposing team is not going
to wait for you to talk on the phone.
Come on. come on. come on!
Let's get moving!
- Good.
- Here. here!
[whistle]
- Down. Good.
- Brazil!
Is not that game. Clarita. no!
I'm worried. Pig.
because I don't see them ready.
I see them worried about
other things. flying in the air.
and moreover.
Clarita does not know how to play.
I don't know. they are not ready. they
are not ready and I have done everything.
- I've tried my best.
- Piggy. my love.
I'm working.
I need to focus.
Right!
Of course. my love.
You're right.
I need a rally.
Hello. my Power Ladies.
attentive. attentive.
because I need you to reserve on Friday.
because we are going to a rally.
just like soccer players. without puppies.
without husbands.
without anything. just us. focused.
No. no. in the end I'm not
going to be able to do it. I'm sorry.
It is going to be at your house.
Julia. because is the biggest.
Oh. and who's going to take
care of the blessings for me?
- My Pig.
- Hello.
He is happy. right? Say hi.
I'm going to have to send James. then.
because we all know
that Pig is useless with children.
Wonderful. so I'll take care
of the training schedule
and that's it.
we'll see you there on Friday.
- Bye.
Bye. bye. bye. bye.
One. two. three. four. five. three!
Come on!
Good. come on. come on. come on!
Clarita. Clarita!
We are not in the bathroom.
lower. lower. here. here!
Right. right. right!
Two. three. four. five. change!
Come on. more energy!
One. two. three. four. five!
Up
and up.
One. two. three. four. five!
Next!
Come on. Moon!
Butt cheeks down!
Come on. squats. squats!
Who goes? Who goes?
Go. go!
- We have to try to break the record.
- No. I'm tired. it's over.
I'm done. We've been on this thing
for over two hours.
Also. it's time for my aperitif.
Sorry. a drink?
Sorry. but this doesn't work
if you don't listen to your captain!
- I have never drink.
- Mili. Mili. is going to make you great.
- Where are you going? Where are...?
- I never drink anything.
Okay. The captain decides
to take a 5 minute brake.
- Only five.
- Do you have a jacuzzi?
[uncorks]
- Cheers. cheers. cheers.
- This is a rally!
Yes. like the footballers.
I know a lot about that. Trini.
And be thankful that we haven't
called the stripers. or have we?
Because I have an ex who is a striper.
look at the photos he sends
-with his spectacular friends.
-No. no. let's see?
No wayw.
And now we are going to confiscate
everything that can distract us.
Put your cell phones here.
- Absolutely right.
- It will be necessary?
Totally necessary. The important
thing here is that we connect.
Julia?
Okay.
where my eyes see it. huh?
- The other one.
- Oh. you are a drag.
You know what?
You're right.
We are not going to let
anything deconcentrate us
- to connect between us.
- And the sparkling wine.
- Cheers.
- Please!
- We have to concentrate.
- That's where we are.
- I haven't had a drink in a long time.
- Yes. look. a little kiss. just a little.
- Just a little kiss.
- Very concentrated.
- So I could talk to the miss.
- The boxes come in all colors.
I bought it at the craft fair.
She colors them.
I bought her in all colors.
- I bought them at the craft fair.
- I talked to her.
- The same miss told me.
- You've been drinking for two hours.
Can we go back to what matters us?
Please.
- Relax for a while. Piggy. level up.
- No. I can't relax.
Because there are less
than 18 hours to play.
Then there is plenty of time left.
Trini. let yourself flow.
- A while.
- You know what? Quite the opposite.
Here the alcohol is going
to stop flowing now.
Please excuse me. it's over.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. it's over.
This is a concentration.
In concentrations one concentrates.
You know what?
You're absolutely right. Trini.
Let's stop drinking.
and start smoking.
A student paid me for his
monthly yoga classes with this.
We did a super sustainable barter.
Hey. your yoga classes are expensive.
Tell me something. is this cañabis?
- Cañabis?
- Cannabis. and it's sativa.
- Do you want?
- Over my dead boy you will consume
these drugs before the game.
Well. they are good.
I swear that that little girl.
the daughter of María Gracia
- she misalign all my chakras.
- Why?
- Inti doesn't even want to go to school.
- That little girl
needs some good leashes.
- I already told you.
- I don't want to be insensitive.
but can you leave personal problems
for another day?
My prince is not having
a good time either.
Ever since he found out
about the car theft
by those shitty criminals
he started to pee in bed again.
- My baby.
- Poor thing.
How awful.
You know?
My Juan de Dios is not well either.
He's like an answering machine. a rebel.
I don't know what's wrong with him.
- You're going to have to exorcism him.
- Yes. we were going to do it.
but he's too young.
Later. he is very small.
- Mili!
- Mili.
- In a few more years.
- Come on. Mili.
But I am being serious.
What happens to them?
Why are you laughing? I'm seriously.
- Exorcisms are conducted.
- Regarding exorcisms.
tomorrow Father Anthony
will be the referee for the match.
- Yes. that's true.
- I swear I wouldn't mind at all
to lose myself under that cassock.
- Oh. what a horror!
- Moon. please.
- A man of faith. how do you say that.
- Jealous. you're jealous.
How do you think
I'm going to be jealous.
- Smoke one. Clarita.
- I haven't smoked for a thousand years.
- Why do you tell her that?
- Leave her.
I've actually only smoked once before.
Yeah. but just this once
I'm going to try it.
- Smoke one.
- But hey. Clarita.
It's not good. your neurons
are going to die. Really.
- Smoke. smoke. smoke.
- Let's do it.
[doorbell]
Little. little.
That. very good.
[doorbell]
- Why do you do it like that?
- James!
How unworthy. I'm going to open my self.
Is this the guy?
Yes. he is completely insane.
Julia. I don't understand
the laughter or your negligence.
why aren't you connecting
to Super Safe Neighbors?
Super Safe Neighbors. I'm super busy.
The same
we all the neighbors ask ourselves
- listening to this music at this party.
- What party?
- I am with my friends.
- Friends?
Are they registered? Do you have
the names? Are they Chilean. foreign?
Legal?
Ah. now I understand.
using illicit drugs.
Oh. a little bit of weed. that's all.
I meet you again.
This is unacceptable. Julia.
the neighbors do not accept this.
If you continue. I'm going
to have to call the police.
Hey. hey.
I haven't smoked anything.
I just had a glass of champagne.
I am quietly
on my private property.
But we are in a republic. with rules
and regulations that we must obey.
a Constitution
that must be loved and defended.
If you continue like this.
I'm going to have to report you
unfortunately
to Super Safe Neighbors.
Report me wherever you want.
you have me like this.
like this swollen ovaries
with your fucking app
full of fascists.
Live and let live.
Get out of my house. fuck off.
- I'm leaving. but you're lost.
- Yes. yes!
- because no one is above the law. Nobody.
I am to respect the law.
No one is outside!
- Smoke. smoke. smoke. smoke.
- No. no. no!
- Mili. it's a little weed.
- No. no.
God wouldn't have created it
if He didn't want you to try it.
No! A vice president
would never use illegal drugs.
Treasurer.
Come over here.
Good. Mill.
Good. very good.
Tequila!
[party music]
[slowed down sound]
[chirp]
[laughs]
[screams]
[music slows down]
[piano music]
It is like a miracle.
My whole life
It lighted up.
You. you are my lighthouse.
You bring me light.
You are my God.
I feel that my soul
is rising up
and flies to you.
Flies to you.
Hallelujah. hallelujah.
hallelujah. oh my God.
It's like a miracle
my whole life
It lighted up.
you are my lighthouse.
you bring me light.
you are my God.
I feel that my soul
is rising up
and flies to you.
you are the reason
for which I sing this song.
Hallelujah. hallelujah. hallelujah.
oh my god.
my Lord.
Hallelujah. hallelujah. hallelujah.
oh my God.
my Lord.
Hallelujah. hallelujah. hallelujah.
oh my Lord.
Hallelujah. hallelujah.
the miracle of love.
Miracles. Miracles.
Miracles!
Well. well. hallelujah.
hallelujah. you woke up.
I swear to you. what a horror.
you came back. Miracles.
you have to walk a bit
to get your blood circulating.
[doorbell]
James!
- Clarita. press. open the gate.
- You were completely unconscious.
Don't be filthy.
I would throw you into the pool.
but you would drown.
I'm going to put you
in a cold tub.
Right. to the water.
No. no. not to the pool.
not because you're going to drown.
- you are totally and absolutely stoned.
- Let her bathe for a while.
Good afternoon. ladies.
- Hello.
- Good afternoon.
- React. Mili.
- Traitor.
- We have the information
- That's right.
that illegal substances
were being consumed.
No. we are not consuming
absolutely anything here.
- What's the matter?
- Captain. my captain.
actually that's the dealer.
Where did you get that from. miss?
I appreciate you enthusiasm.
Sub Lieutenant. but I'm asking questions.
- Where did you get that from?
- Sergeant. Sergeant.
Captain. please.
Well. captain.
I don't have to give you an explanation
of what happens on my private property.
it's my house.
- my friends.
- Calm down. excuse me.
- My pool.
- Sorry. you said captain?
- That's right.
- I am also a captain.
I am captain of the Saint
Michael School Dodgeball Team.
Trinidad Goycochea.
Well.
I comment.
from captain to captain
this is all a huge and
utter misunderstanding.
My captain.
there is no misunderstanding.
I have surprised them
doing international transactions.
And if you observe. the brunette
has introduced drugs to the country.
- surely in her body.
- That is not true.
Is it cannabis you were consuming?
- No. no. it's noodles. Do you want?
- Right.
- I overcooked them.
Let's see. let's see. let's see.
a little bit of order. ladies. please.
- Officer. please stay out of it.
- Sorry. Captain.
Let's see. ladies. first thing.
whose cannabis is it?
From you?
Mine.
From the universe.
from the pacha mama.
I repeat the question to you. ladies.
Whose cannabis is it?
Oh. why did she look ugly at me?
I smoked just once.
I did it to belong to the group.
to integrate.
to be part of something.
Order. ladies. please. please.
That amount exceeds what
is established by law 20.000.
which confirms that you would be
committing a very serious offense.
I repeat the question to you.
for the last time. whose cannabis is it?
- Cannabis?
- Well well.
It belongs to no one. Captain.
Well. then if it's nobody's.
it's everybody's. what do you think?
Wrong.
You are going to have to accompany us to
the police station to decide whose it is.
No. no. no.
- I am very clear about my rights.
- That's right. ma'am.
Your right is to remain silent.
- Come with us. please.
- No. no.
- This is a misunderstanding.
- Ma'am. please.
This is a misunderstanding
and we are not moving from here!
Julia. please reconsider!
You are a disgrace to a PLU.
You are a low life.
Think. you shit!
[notifications]
How can you not realize that this is
a total and utter misunderstanding?
We are being treated like
criminals. What happened?
Are the codes between captains
no longer respected?
They took everything from us.
why did they take the laces off us?
What use are laces for us?
It is in order not to commit suicide.
I saw that at Airport Alarm.
They take everything
and then to the dungeon.
It's morning.
We have a priority activity
at the puppie's school.
We need have to be playing a match
right now. do you understand me?
So. get us out of here now.
Easy. easy. easy.
Calm down.
I already told you. as long as you
do not agree on who is the owner
of the cannabis. you are going
to continue here. are we clear?
And could you at least tell me
what the time is. Captain?
Of course.
8 with 30 minutes. Captain.
30. no.
we are running out of time.
Do you realize that they
haven't even been kind to
let us take out our cell phones?
How awful.
- Listen.
- No cell phones. no lawyers.
- and without them. we don't get out.
- Can I suggest something?
The bad news is that we don't
know any number by heart.
Imagine having to call
someone in these conditions.
- It's a good idea.
- Who are you going to call. Mili?
- Also. do you know someone?
- It could work.
My Pig must be totally crazy
without me. desperate.
without knowing where I am.
totally lost
-thinking of his Piggy.
- Listen to me!
Please!
Yeah. right. right. James.
Thank you.
They're a little bit late. right?
So. the only thing we have to do
- is to say marijuana belongs to everyone.
- Marijuana belongs to everyone.
- I mean. it belongs to all of us.
- What are you talking about? Please.
Look. I calculate that what was
in the bag was like 20 grams or so.
If we divide it between us five.
would be like four grams per person.
- and that is personal consumption.
- Yes.
Where do you get those things from?
Airport Alarm.
It is highly educational.
And what about the education
we are giving to our puppies?
I wonder what happens
with the example?
I also imagine that everyone is very
clear that I had nothing to do with this.
If they find out in the parish
they can excommunicate me.
And with good reason.
because you are a drug addict.
I have a reputation to take care of.
I cannot appear stamped on a meme.
Now. if you don't want to do it.
that's fine.
it shouldn't be easy for you
to say something like that.
I'm going to blame myself
for all of you.
- Finally. well. Clarita.
- No.
If anyone is guilty here.
it is me.
Even if I don't believe that word: guilt.
Okay. okay. I'm going
to say that the marijuana is mine
and you see if you can play.
- Right.
- No. Moon. Of course not.
Absolutely not.
Because the only way we have
to win this match
is all together. Yes.
Can you imagine.
one of you suddenly
decides to cross the desert alone.
her soul there.
at the mercy of the sandstorms.
at the mercy of the abyss. the heat.
the thirst. what would happen?
You would get nowhere.
And do you know why?
Because the desert is crossed
by caravan.
- Did you smoke one in the morning?
- No.
And if you are willing
to self-incriminate and so are you.
well. OK. no more talk. me too.
You. Julia?
I am in.
You?
The thing is...
The...
What would Jesus do?
Yes. yes. yes.
Okay?
Yes. Caravan.
Captain!
Caravan.
According
to the Official Dodgeball Rules
of the Saint Michael School.
revision of June 2017.
after 20 minutes. the team
that does not get to the court
will be
automatically eliminated.
what would be giving us
a Walkover victory.
- Seriously?
- Seriously.
- We arrived. we arrived. we arrived!
- They arrived!
- Good. mommy.
- Hello.
Sorry. sorry. sorry for the delay.
- Sorry. we're here.
- Sorry. but they can't play like that.
- What?
- They cannot play without a uniform
that characterizes them
as a team
according to the Official Dodgeball
Regulations of the Saint Michael School.
- Revision June 2017.
- My love.
Piggy. maybe this can help you.
Ay. Pig. I love you. I really do.
I can not believe it.
Moms. I had a surprise for you.
I had had them made. they had not
arrived yesterday. but my Pig.
who is the most "always ready" thing
in life. he is a superhero.
he went looking for them.
- They were actually dropped off.
- Dropped off. search. is the same.
You are a hero.
What a handsome man.
I had never had anything
with my name on it.
- It says Clarita.
- Father Anthony.
- we can play.
- According to the Official Dodgeball
Regulatiom
of the Saint Michael School.
revision June 2017.
the late team has exactly
two minutes per clock to change.
- Too late.
- Let's change!
- Two minutes!
- Let's take it easy.
- Nothing happens. nothing happens.
- I need a coffee first.
Let's play. let's play
[rock music]
[tense music]
Let's play!
[applause]
Caravan. come on!
Come on. come on. come on!
[whistle]
- Here. team.
- Here. here.
- Here. here. here.
- Behind.
- Throw it here.
- Take care. good.
- Behind!
- Come on.
- Pass it on. Drop it. drop it.
- The next.
- Carla. here!
- Close!
Captain!
- Let's go forward.
- That's good. Come on. Moon!
- Get back. watch out. down!
- Kill her!
Good.
Above all always zen.
shanti. shanti. om.
- Moon. Clara. back. positions!
- Captain!
- Attentive. free.
- Good. great.
- Come on. strong. come on.
- Let's see. cry for her mommy.
call your mommy
who is on the moon.
Pass it to me. no. no. come on.
come on. pay attention! Julia.
Back. back. back. back!
- Watch out. back!
- No. mom!
Above!
- Foul! Foul!
- Are you okay?
- Easy. are you okay?
Official regulation!
What's the matter?
She's acting. I haven't touched her!
- any attack caused
- I could not put the cord
- to the shoe. that's all.
- means immediate elimination.
- Eliminated!
- Okay. let's go!
Fuck!
Up. come on. come on. alright!
Golden panthers!
You can go without me.
I trust you. I trust you!
- Come on. kill!
- The slipper. you idiot.
Group. caravan!
[whistle]
Come on!
- Come on. Trini!
- Come on. Golden Panthers.
Come on. champion!
- Yes!
- Good. good. Miracles.
Here. here!
- No!
- Let's go!
- Good!
- What happened?
You had to catch it.
you had to catch it.
- Double shot. eliminated!
- Good. good.
[screams]
[whistle]
First of all always zen. shanti. om.
- ...all always zen. shanti. shanti. om.
- Back. back. earth calling Moon!
- Stay back. position!
- Always zen. shanti. shanti. om.
- Attentive. Moon!
Come on come on that. captain!
Let's go with the pass!
Eliminated!
Shit! That fucking brat
makes me lose concentration throughout
the game bothering my Inti!
- Language!
- Yes.
Language.
Excuse me. that little girl
- misalign all my chakras.
- Bye.
- Regroup!
- Let's go.
[whistle]
I'm free!
I'm free. here I am!
Come on. come on. Trini.
come on. Trini. come on!
Moon. calm down.
- That's good!
- Let's go!
Come on.
I want them running!
You can!
Here. here. Trini!
- Back. back!
- Yours. Milagros. come on. let's go!
The feet. the feet. watch out. no!
How!
Oh how ugly!
- Are you okay?
- What.
- Good.
- Let's go.
[whistle]
- Running. running!
- We are running!
Concentrate. let's go.
[emotional music]
[slap]
[scream]
No!
Come on!
You saved me.
It's what Jesus would have done.
You are a true leader.
Now it is your turn to do it.
Thank you. President.
You're welcome. vice president.
[whistle]
Come on. Golden panthers!
Let's go!
- Come on. vice president!
- Come on. Miracles.
Down. down.
Good!
I told you to be attentive. damn it!
Oh. sorry. I got excited.
Well. Clarita. there.
perfect. don't move!
Mili?
Mili. Mili. Mili. are you okay?
- Poor dear.
- Miracles.
eliminated. take a seat. please.
Golden panthers!
[heartbeats]
Argentina.
[laughs]
Yes. yes. yes!
You stupid! My implant!
Eliminated player.
Power Ladies are the winners!
Hey. that's not valid.
It's not valid. Regulation.
Regulation.
It is not valid in the
Official Dodgeball
Regulations of the Saint Michael School.
revision 2017.
No player may leave the court during
the match. or she will be disqualified.
Sorry. the game was over because
the ball hit you. version 25.
article 12.
the match ends when
the last player is eliminated.
- End. we win!
- No. because Clarita
was already off the court
when the ball hit me.
Back. yes. And you know it.
We all saw her.
- You know it's true.
- No problem.
- It's true.
- Oh. please. Lord.
- Point annulled. player disqualified.
- Mom!
Golden panthers!
Let's go! Oh. Clarita. Clarita. how are
you not ashamed to be so silly. Argentina.
There's no need.
But it is true.
- She is a joke.
- We accept our defeat with humility
because we are true winners.
- Mom. mom!
- Aw. as far as I know
- there is nothing more loser to lose.
- Cry for your mommy.
It is true that she is on the moon.
Calm.
Hey. what did you do to my daughter?
What? What?
What that fucking brat deserved.
Why? Are you going to fight?
- Shanti. shanti. om.
- Okay. okay. okay.
- Take it easy.
- I would be angry too
if my son couldn't defend
himself from a little girl.
Sorry. sorry. We are not going to bring
the puppies into this discussion. okay?
Daughter. I have a daughter.
because as far as I know.
the only ones
that have puppies are bitches.
- Kill her.
- No. no. no!
Split.
Let go.
Miracles. are you all right?
How do you feel?
In heaven.
- Let go.
- Now.
Watch out.
Get off me!
Leave her!
- Let go.
- No. you let go.
Oh. it hurts!
My nails.
I did them today.
- Damn you.
- Let go of my foot! Let go!
Oh. let go of me. crazy.
let go of me!
Let go!
- Crazy. you scratched me!
- Take this. crazy!
- Get off!
- Take it!
- My braid!
Let go!
- Here I have signal.
- Oh. the landscape is beautiful.
- You'll love it here.
- The weather is good there.
Oh. yes. it's hot.
- In five more days I will be there.
- It will be soon.
- Thank you. godmother for this.
- You're welcome. my girl.
- Blanquita. look at the penguin.
- That's Mauri. Mauri come!
What's wrong with the child?
At this time she is already tired.
- What happened to your face?
No. nothing. I tripped.
No. you must apply cream.
Oh. my little Buddha.
I didn't give you a good example.
But sometimes we moms
make mistakes too.
Yes. but thanks to your war
I found my peace.
- And you know what?
- What?
I learned that Greta is not bad.
She is fragile. like me.
My warrior. you are so wise. my love.
Mom?
Mom. I think I like her.
No.
Sometimes
the heart is confused. my love.
You do not like her.
There. good. my love.
Pupi.
good night.
Sleep well.
I'm proud of you.
Of me? Why?
Because you played as a team.
and it is better to lose together
than to win alone.
- Mom.
- I'm working. my love.
Why did you change your pajamas?
I just peed.
Why?
I'm afraid.
About what?
There is a camera in the bathroom.
what if I meet a thief?
It's over.
Thanks. Mom.
- Why. my love?
- For listening.
I love you.
Me too.
Mom?
And your friends?
They couldn't come.
Does it hurt a lot?
No. a little bit.
but it doesn't matter.
The important thing is that we win.
And what is the use of winning
if we are always alone?
Obviously it was not
the right way to react.
but you also have to understand.
Regina. that we were under a lot of stress
because we needed the cash.
so that Blanqui
did not have to leave school.
There is no justification.
There isn't.
And we are going to talk later.
father Anthony.
Look. I think the most sensible thing
is for Clara to leave our community.
For her to give the space
to someone who can pay for it.
-She is right.
- Of course I'm right.
Also. I'm going to tell you
that very soon
- the monthly fee is going to rise.
- Again?
How can it rise again?
We are going to talk on
the second semester. Okay. Trinidad?
I can't wait until next semester.
I have no time.
Let's talk now.
- We are not money-making machines.
- Well. I am.
I have all my blessings in this college.
- This is a Catholic school.
- Let's see.
What I cannot understand
is how you can have your children
in a school with this level of values
and not wanting to pay for it.
It's not about that. Regina.
[indistinct conversations]
Let them go to a school without values.
it is cheaper.
Discounts cannot be made.
Values have a cost.
A school without values is cheaper.
It's that simple.
Moms. silence. silence.
Silence!
If our beloved Saint Michael School
decided to take this path.
know that I will not follow it.
my puppy is leaving
this school right now.
The best education
I will give it by example.
Trinidad. please.
let's not get dramatic.
My Dante is leaving too.
The best education
I will give it by example.
My little Buddha doesn't deserve
this negative energy.
The best education
I will give it by example.
I and all my blessings. which are not few.
we are leaving school.
The best education
I will give it by example.
Me too.
The best education
I will give it by example.
I still couldn't afford to pay for school.
Let's talk about this
in a more civilized way.
Let's get off the table. please.
Regina. Regina. stop it. really.
And you. how are you not ashamed?
Pretend that they give them
the education of their children for free.
Frankly.
Please.
It is not so easy for me
to pay for this college either.
I'm going.
The best education
I will give it by example.
But it is not necessary.
The best education
I will give it by example.
- The education I will give it by example.
Wait. please.
- Father Anthony!
- It is very moving.
I thank you.
I thank you María Gracia. really.
for being the only
sensible one in this group.
What do the rest need to stay?
That a grant be created.
No possibility.
Why not?
The budget is not enough this year.
And what is the use of winning
if we are always alone?
Do we do our part
or do we not do our part?
The budget is not enough this year.
They are right.
I'm going to take Greta
out of school too.
But María Gracia.
about the grant.
there really is no possibility.
Unless we donated the prize
- of the Dodgeball Championship.
- Of course.
To create the grant
for the remainder of the year.
Well. that changes a lot the situation.
Sure. it's different.
And what about next year?
Well. the college would have to commit
to create a real grant for the future
and not only for Clarita.
but for all the families that need it.
No. that is impossible. no way.
It's possible!
Yes. if the school marginalizes
30 percent and not 35 percent
is enough and it balances.
I could manage
the grant committee.
I offer myself to be
the vice president of that committee.
I think we would need more
of a treasurer.
- Vice President.
- Is the same.
Is not the same.
You know what? Is not the same.
Wait. wait.
Okay. listen to me.
- Approved. you have your grant.
- Yes!
[emotional music]
It's better to lose together
that... oh!
Are you okay?
- How awful.
- Shit!
- Are you okay?
- How awful.
- It was a horrible fall.
- Don't move her. don't move her.
Careful.
It is outrageous that you want to raise
the price if the school is falling apart.
There is much. much to fix.
Many things need to be repaired.
These are only details. careful.
You would need to hire
a person to do that job.
Right.
Someone who is good. enterprising.
and close with the children.
And it turns out
that we have the perfect candidat.
Listen to me well. if I hire Clara.
will all this scandal end?
Clara. welcome to the team.
What happened?
A miracle.
A miracle just happened here.
No demand?
Careful. no demand. right?
[notifications]
Hi!
Hi. hi!
- Hi.
- Oh. no.
Yet another group?
Fire him.
Yes. I made this group for when
any mommy has a problem.
it is a place where we will always.
always. always support her.
And how are we going to name it?
- As vice president.
- Treasurer.
- Is the same.
- Is not the same.
Well I suggest Guardian Angels.
- No.
- Mystical moms.
No.
And if we name it Silenced group.
which is how I am going to have it?
No.
- S.O.S.
- What did you say?
S.O.S. that's what my doctor calls
the pills he gives me to be happy.
S.O.S. Moms.
As in moms to the rescue.
I like it.
When any mommy has a problem.
she just has to send an S.O.S.
and the whole caravan
will be there to help her.
S.O.S. Moms.
Brilliant!
What a good idea I came up with!
- What? It was my idea.
- You. me. Clarita's.
Is the same.
A collective idea.
Clarita. what did
your godmother say to you
whe you told her that you
were staying in Santiago?
- My Godmother!
- How distracted!
Welcome Clarita
[door closing]